# pqplus-pbi-kpi-2023
Real time visibility progress tracking report for PQPLUS for November 2023

Real Time Visibility (RTV) Report by Okuta Dickson (Nov. 2023)

The respective graphs contained in the RTV sections depicts the Real time Visibility of PQPlus Global operation. The data highlights such key performance indexes as; Total Registration, Total Revenue, Activation Average Value Order and Conversion ratio.
Overall, taking account the years 2021 through 2024, PQPlus has recorded a consistently progressive increment in the revenue she makes, which is further corroborated by an increase in the number of students trained in the respective years of operation. In addition, PQplus has recorded a growing coverage as she expands her reach across different local governments precisely in Lagos state and also enlarging participation in the city of Abuja. Lastly the remarkable efforts of the Managers at PQplus does play a major role in impacting the successes recorded in the last few years.
Item 1: Registration, Revenue and Activation
Proceeding from a count of 78candidates in 2021, the registration has steadily risen by 80 in 2022 and peaked at 674 in 2023. Similarly the highest revenue was recorded in 2023 with over NGN31M and an average order of in the vault outdoing the claims in 2022 and 2021 with over 26m and 31m respectively. Asides this, over the period, the number of candidates who financially commits to the process after contact has increasingly outran previous times. For example, In 2021 the activation grew from 19 to 89 in 2022, which peaked at 317 in 2023. Interestingly, the statistic show that this increase was progressive across successive quarters in the year.
Item 2: Conversion Ratio, Average Value Order, and Managers
At the same time, the conversion ratio of PQPlus significantly accounted for growth between the years of 2021 to 2022 bearing a value of 24% and 56% respectively. However, there was a decline in year 2023, as the value steeped downwards to 47%.
In terms of the class type that had the most subscription, Abuja Weekend had the most registration (276) and activation (136) with a conversion ratio of 49%. Lastly, the records show that the manager with the most contribution to the operation at PQPlus for the period under review is Kezi, accounting for over 29M in revenue. With a conversion rate of 53%, reflected on the 558 leads generated which led to a 296 activation of the 971 registration. His efforts did cut across the varied class types with a remarkably 130-activation in Abuja Weekend class and bearing a 50% Conversion rate.
Key words:
    • RTV - Provides real-time insights into candidate registration, activations, and revenue processes.
    • Activated - refers to candidate that has value in their 1st installment column. This is an essential KPI on all the dashboards across the business as this implies that a registration has been converted to sales.
    • Average Value Order (AVO) - is the ratio of total revenue from total registration. In formula terms that is Total Revenue divided by Total Registrations.
    • Conversion ratio - Conversion Rate (Conv.RT) is the ratio of Total activated candidates from Total Registrations. In formula terms this is Total No of Activations divided by Total Registrations.



BEBI Report by Okuta Dickson (Nov. 2023)

The graphs which spread across the Business Expansion Business Intelligence (BEBI) dashboard monitors the progress of collected data that is relevant to the Lagos terrain and it seeks to assess the feasibility of opening a new operating hub in the island area of Lagos, Nigeria. The data on the dashboard highlights such key performance indexes as; Total Registration, Total Revenue, Activation, Average Value Order and Conversion ratio.
Reviewing the years 2021 through 2024, PQPlus-Lagos has recorded a consistently progressive increment in the revenue she makes, which is further corroborated by an increase in the number of students trained in the respective years of operation. In addition, PQplus-Lagos has recorded a growing coverage as she expands her reach across different local governments in Lagos state. In addition, the remarkable efforts of Managers at the Lagos hub does play a major role in impacting the successes recorded in the last few years.
Item 1: Registration, Revenue and Activation
The Lagos hub has reached a 472 candidature since inception in 2021. In 2022 and 2023, the hub registered over 16% and 51% additions respectively. However, with respect to monthly registration, the data shows a gradual decline in the first quarter of the year (January - March) with a margin of 15 candidates. From this point, the curve steadily rises in the second quarter (April - June). A further gradual decline is seen from June to August. Afterwards, a sudden rise occurs from August and peaks at 95candidates in October and later plummet in November which then flattens out to 26 candidates in December.
Similarly the highest revenue was recorded in year 2023 with over NGN9M (average order of NGN95.45k) in the vault outdoing the claims in 2022 and 2021 with over NGN3.8m and NGN1.1m respectively. Also, over the period, the number of candidates who financially commits to the process after contact has increasingly outran previous years. For example, In 2021 the activation grew from 19 to 70 in 2022, which peaked at 108 in 2023. Interestingly, the activation statistic show that this increase across successive months were uneven in the year, but prime activations were recorded in the months of May and September with counts hitting 31. It was also fascinating to know that correspondingly, the highest value in revenue were in the months of May and September with both months accruing a respective value that was over NGN2.2M while bearing a negligible difference of NGN53,000 to the latter. The months of April and October ranked second and third place in the monthly revenue spectrum with an average of NGN1.7M. Lastly, Etiosa and Kosofe recorded the highest contributions to the Lagos Hub over the review period. However, Surulere toppled this rank in 2023 with a count at 26candidates and revenue of NGN1.80M.
Item 2: Conversion Ratio, Average Value Order, and Managers
Although there was an uneven but continual decline in the conversion ratio of successive months from January through December, but at the same time, the conversion ratio of Lagos hub significantly accounted for growth between the years of 2021 to 2022 bearing a value of 24% and 56% respectively. However, there was a decline in year 2023, as the value steeped downwards to 44%. In terms of the class type that had the most subscription, Lagos weekend recorded 123 activations over Lagos midweek (81) and had a respective counts of 88 and 35 activations across the physical and virtual training types.
Furthermore, the records show that the manager with the most contribution to the operation at PQPlus-Lagos for the period under review was Kezi clinching a 62 counts activation and churning in over 4.2M in revenue. With a conversion rate of 69.66%, reflected on the 89 leads generated which led to a whooping 62 count in activation of the 204 activations. His efforts did cut across the varied class types (Lagos - midweek and weekend) at the Lagos hub and with an average of 74% in both training types (Physical and virtual).


Lastly, considering the Island area of Lagos as case in point, which is comprised of Lagos island and extending to Ibeju Lekki. It can be inferred from the data that 2 activations occurred at Lagos Island with a conv ratio of 28.57% and contributing NGN600,000 in revenue. On the other hand Ibeju Lekki activated 6 candidates with a conversion ratio of 42.86% and accrued a revenue of NGN540,000. Surprisingly, Ibeju Lekki attained half of their entire achievement within the entire period just in the year 2023 while Lagos Island seem not to have recorded any sales in 2023.
Key words:
    • BEBI - Business Expansion Business Intelligence
    • Activated - refers to candidate that has value in their 1st installment column. This is an essential KPI on all the dashboards across the business as this implies that a registration has been converted to sales.
    • Average Value Order (AVO) - is the ratio of total revenue from total registration. In formula terms that is Total Revenue divided by Total Registrations.
    • Conversion ratio - Conversion Rate (Conv.RT) is the ratio of Total activated candidates from Total Registrations. In formula terms this is Total No of Activations divided by Total Registrations.
